README.md, before:

[![MIT License on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/seankelliher/us-national-parks-api?style=flat-square)](/LICENSE.txt)
## National Parks in the US

IN DEVELOPMENT: Directory of National Parks in the US, built with Vue.js and Express.js.

## Project Status

IN DEVELOPMENT: building framework.

## Project Screen Shots

* DRAFT - rough view of Alaska parks with Denali selected.
![screen shot of project](/screenshots/us-national-parks-api-screenshot1.png?s=600)

## Installation and Setup Instructions

Clone down this repository. You will need `node` and `npm` installed globally on your machine. The Express server uses the Fetch API. You will need a later version of Node (18+) for this to work.

Installation:

`npm install`  

To Run Vue:

`npm run dev`   

To Start the Express server:

`npm run start`  

To Visit App:

Visit the localhost port displayed in the terminal after running `npm run dev`. You may need to disable your browser's Cross-Origin Restrictions.

## Reflection

Reflection to come.

## Acknowledgments

* Park information, photos, and logo from the [National Park Service](https://www.nps.gov/index.htm).
* Readme guidance from [Brenna Martenson](https://gist.github.com/martensonbj/6bf2ec2ed55f5be723415ea73c4557c4).
* Design guidance from Google's [Material Design](https://material.io/design) and [Adobe Color](https://color.adobe.com/trends).
* Linting guidance from [ESLint](https://eslint.org) and [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io).
* Shields from [Shields](https://shields.io).
* Helpful advice on capitalizing letters in JavaScript [Flexiple](https://flexiple.com/javascript/javascript-capitalize-first-letter).

Commit message:

Modify intro. Add screen shots.

README.md, after:

[![MIT License on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/seankelliher/us-national-parks-api?style=flat-square)](/LICENSE.txt)
## National Parks in the US

IN DEVELOPMENT: Directory of National Parks in the US, built with Vue.js, Express.js, and Mapbox. [View working component](https://us-national-parks-api-8cfadda86ff0.herokuapp.com). **"Eco" dyno, takes a few seconds to wake up.** 

## Project Status

IN DEVELOPMENT: Mostly built. Now testing.

## Project Screen Shots

* All parks displayed (default view).
![screen shot of project](/screenshots/us-national-parks-api-screenshot1.png?s=600)

* National Parks in Alaska.
![screen shot of project](/screenshots/us-national-parks-api-screenshot2.png?s=600)

* Details on Kenai Fjords National Park.
![screen shot of project](/screenshots/us-national-parks-api-screenshot3.png?s=600)

## Installation and Setup Instructions

Clone down this repository. You will need `node` and `npm` installed globally on your machine. The Express server uses the Fetch API. You will need a later version of Node (18+) for this to work.

Installation:

`npm install`  

To Run Vue:

`npm run dev`   

To Start the Express server:

`npm run start`  

To Visit App:

Visit the localhost port displayed in the terminal after running `npm run dev`. You may need to disable your browser's Cross-Origin Restrictions.

## Reflection

Reflection to come.

## Acknowledgments

* Park information, photos, and logo from the [National Park Service](https://www.nps.gov/index.htm).
* Readme guidance from [Brenna Martenson](https://gist.github.com/martensonbj/6bf2ec2ed55f5be723415ea73c4557c4).
* Design guidance from Google's [Material Design](https://material.io/design) and [Adobe Color](https://color.adobe.com/trends).
* Linting guidance from [ESLint](https://eslint.org) and [Stylelint](https://stylelint.io).
* Shields from [Shields](https://shields.io).
* Helpful advice on capitalizing letters in JavaScript [Flexiple](https://flexiple.com/javascript/javascript-capitalize-first-letter).
